Update microsoft-secure-score.md with AAD sync info (#12512)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender/microsoft-secure-score.md

Your score is updated in real time to reflect the information presented in the visualizations and recommended action pages. Secure Score also syncs daily to receive system data about your achieved points for each action.

> [!NOTE]

> > For Microsoft Teams and AAD related recommendations, the recommendation state will get updated when changes occur in the configuration state. In addition, the recommendation state is refreshed once a month or once a week, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For Microsoft Teams and Azure Active Directory-related recommendations, the recommendation state will get updated when changes occur in the configuration state. In addition, the recommendation state is refreshed once a month or once a week, respectively.
```
